README.md, before:

# MagicMirror Module: MMM-YouTubeChannelStats

A MagicMirror Module for displaying statistics about a YouTube channel.

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-MagicMirror-informational)](https://MagicMirror.builders)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/master/LICENSE)
![Test Status](https://github.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats)

## Example

![Example screenshot](.github/example.png)

## Installation

1. Stop your MagicMirror and clone the repository into the modules folder

   ```bash
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
   git clone https://github.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats.git
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats
   ```

2. Create a Google API key

   - For more information see the Google documentation for [obtaining a developer key](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/getting-started)
   - Make a note of the `API key`

3. Add the module to the config file (`~/MagicMirror/config/config.js`) for your mirror.

   ```javascript
   modules: [
     {
       module: "MMM-YouTubeChannelStats",
       position: "top_right",
       config: {
         channelId: "your_youtube_channel_id",
         apiKey: "your_google_api_key"
       }
     }
   ];
   ```

   The full list of config options can be found in the [configuration options](#configuration-options) table.

4. Restart the MagicMirror

   ```bash
   pm2 restart mm
   ```

## Updating the module

To update the module to the latest version,

1. Pull the changes from this repository into the module folder:

   ```bash
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats
   git pull
   ```

2. Restart the mirror

   ```bash
   pm2 restart mm
   ```

## Configuration options

The following properties can be added to the configuration:

| **Option**       | **Default**                                      | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                              | **Possible Values**              |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `channelId`      |                                                  | The YouTube channel id                                                                                                                                                                                                       |                                  |
| `apiKey`         |                                                  | The YouTube API key                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                  |
| `stats`          | `["views", "comments", "subscribers", "videos"]` | _Optional_ - Which statistics to display. _Note:_ - The stats can be listed in any order, and only one is required. However, they must be entered as an array of strings i.e. comma separated values within square brackets. | `views`, `subscribers`, `videos` |
| `setHeader`      | `true`                                           | _Optional_ - Set the module header using the channel name                                                                                                                                                                    | `true` or `false`                |
| `showLabels`     | `true`                                           | _Optional_ - Display labels next to the statistics                                                                                                                                                                           | `true` or `false`                |
| `fetchInterval`  | `3600 * 1000` (1 hour)                           | _Optional_ - How often the statistics should be fetched (in milliseconds)                                                                                                                                                    | `1000` - `86400000`              |
| `animationSpeed` | `2.5 * 1000` (2.5 seconds)                       | _Optional_ - The speed of the update animation (in milliseconds)                                                                                                                                                             | `0` - `5000`                     |

Commit message:

Added support for multiple channels

README.md, after:

# MagicMirror Module: MMM-YouTubeChannelStats

A MagicMirror Module for displaying statistics about a YouTube channel.

[![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-MagicMirror-informational)](https://MagicMirror.builders)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-informational)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/master/LICENSE)
![Test Status](https://github.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/actions/workflows/node.js.yml/badge.svg)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats)

## Example

![Example screenshot](.github/example.png)

## Installation

1. Stop your MagicMirror and clone the repository into the modules folder

   ```bash
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
   git clone https://github.com/ianperrin/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats.git
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats
   ```

2. Create a Google API key

   - For more information see the Google documentation for [obtaining a developer key](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/getting-started)
   - Make a note of the `API key`

3. Add the module to the config file (`~/MagicMirror/config/config.js`) for your mirror.

   ```javascript
   modules: [
     {
       module: "MMM-YouTubeChannelStats",
       position: "top_right",
       config: {
         channelId: "your_youtube_channel_id",
         apiKey: "your_google_api_key"
       }
     }
   ];
   ```

   The full list of config options can be found in the [configuration options](#configuration-options) table.

4. Restart the MagicMirror

   ```bash
   pm2 restart mm
   ```

## Updating the module

To update the module to the latest version,

1. Pull the changes from this repository into the module folder:

   ```bash
   cd ~/MagicMirror/modules/MMM-YouTubeChannelStats
   git pull
   ```

2. Restart the mirror

   ```bash
   pm2 restart mm
   ```

## Configuration options

The following properties can be added to the configuration:

| **Option**       | **Default**                                      | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                              | **Possible Values**              |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| `channelIds`     |                                                  | The YouTube channel id or ids. _Note:_ Multiple ids must be entered as an array of strings e.g. `["id1", "id2"]`                                                                                                             |                                  |
| `apiKey`         |                                                  | The YouTube API key                                                                                                                                                                                                          |                                  |
| `stats`          | `["views", "comments", "subscribers", "videos"]` | _Optional_ - Which statistics to display. _Note:_ - The stats can be listed in any order, and only one is required. However, they must be entered as an array of strings i.e. comma separated values within square brackets. | `views`, `subscribers`, `videos` |
| `setHeader`      | `true`                                           | _Optional_ - Set the module header using the channel name                                                                                                                                                                    | `true` or `false`                |
| `showLabels`     | `true`                                           | _Optional_ - Display labels next to the statistics                                                                                                                                                                           | `true` or `false`                |
| `fetchInterval`  | `3600 * 1000` (1 hour)                           | _Optional_ - How often the statistics should be fetched (in milliseconds)                                                                                                                                                    | `1000` - `86400000`              |
| `animationSpeed` | `2.5 * 1000` (2.5 seconds)                       | _Optional_ - The speed of the update animation (in milliseconds)                                                                                                                                                             | `0` - `5000`                     |
